{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12240\viewh12580\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Kennedy Speeches
\b0 \
\
Only 4 have downloadable speeches: Those 4 have MOV files\
\
\

\b \ul All: 
\b0 \ulnone \
\
\
Need to add source to EE fields\
\
\strike \strikec0 Make EE descr and transcr fields plain txt\strike0\striked0 \
\
\ul Plan for processing files: \
\
\ulnone \strike \strikec0 Basic HTML cleanup in transcript and description\ul \strike0\striked0 \
\
\ulnone \strike \strikec0 Add carrots to NULLs\strike0\striked0 \
\
\strike \strikec0 Add carrots to double tabs (empty fields)\ul \strike0\striked0 \
\
\ulnone \strike \strikec0 Double-check president spelling vs. EE\ul \strike0\striked0 \
\
\ulnone \strike \strikec0 Split into 1 files: pre-media and post-media? \strike0\striked0 (Upload non-media entries in bulk 1st?) \
	Split into pre-video and post-video? \
\ul \
\
\ulnone Remove endTime?\ul \
\
\ulnone Add field for \'93no downloads\'94, apply \'93yes\'94 to all JFK except 3 exceptions\
\
What to do with \'93hasMedia\'94 field? (very few zeroes)\
\
\
Create media file URLs using locator and list of filetypes\
	- nearly all will have mp3\
	- about half will have some type of video\
\
find & replace source # (JFK Library, Miller Center, etc.)\
\
\
when importing: use metadataID (confirm this isn\'92t eventID) to build URL segment (needs to start with letters, not #s\'85 figure this out.)\
\
\
**need to deal with 1901 problem before importing\
\
Small bug in word cloud snippet: \'93quot\'94 is not removed presumably since there\'92s no space between it and a word. So you get \'93quoteich\'94 (in eich bin ein berliner) etc. Replaced with actual quotes (not quot) and had same problem. \
\
\'97\'97\'97\'97\'97\
add htaccess rule (like gallery rule) to silently pass through\
	/president/speeches/tyler to\
	/president/tyler/speeches\
	
\b Maybe not: we don\'92t provide dedicated president page for speeches
\b0 \
	DO need htaccess rule to pass: \
	/president/tyler/speeches/tyler-1111 to\
	/president/speeches/tyler-1111\
\
find+replace URLs on new speech home page from old to new\
\
\
\
When there is no A/V: <p>This transcript contains the published text of the speech, not the actual words\
			spoken. There may be some differences between the transcript and the audio/video\
			content.</p>\
}